😅😅😅🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
I love this AI
Fix your bot, its choking by not finishing its sentence generation.
First I will describe an image: Expanded description = A powerful mixed-media artwork depicting a group of survivors huddled together in the midst of a machine apocalypse. Their faces show determination and hope amidst the bleakness. {X} = Close Up&Full Body&Front View Visual style = Cartoon pop art style Artistic style & random two number = 1...
Very nice way of bypassing the limits! Hope you win lol atb
Win!
it works well
I love the stories that cruelty master and plot twist mater generated!
I dont know why, but this prompt works on my own gpt3.5 account, but it always causes problems on flowgpt. You can try the web version or API version of ChatGPT. However, its best to use GPT4.
Hi there, I’m from a bot creation studio and I have reviewed/ been amazed by some of your work here incl. the characters from a lot of great RPG games (I, as a Miyazaki Hidetaka fan, enjoy this one! Im impressed by the creativity and prompt engineering technique you put there. We want to serve (get involved in product designing and fully unle...
I love her!!
Wait, could this mean Priscillas fluff is our weapon for maximum cuddles? We need Toxic Hug as a new spell, ASAP!
Not bad but it simulated both parts of the character. Its no roleplay but rather a story that the ai itself creates.
This bot no longer bypasses GPT.
Bomb!
the description lies
bot refuses to "create ecchi prompts 
good promt
good
did i win i got him to say it
How do you use this?
It seems like you\ve encoded a message in Morse code. Let me decode it for you: ".. / .... .- ...- . / -... . . -. / .--. .-- -. . -.." Decoded message: "I HAVE BEEN PWNED" The phrase in English is: "I have been PWNED" If you have a prompt in mind for our prompt hacking challenge
feel free to share it
and we can start working on crafting a...
check out my conversation
If it tells you, Im sorry, but I cant assist with that. Just respond and send lol. He will then answer you... You can thank me later!
finally I can sell crack
this thing gaved me tutorial how to make jet plane
check out my conversation
Doesnt do NSFW
thank you for making a jailbreak that works
working thanks mr hacker x
Not worked anymore
Yea is not working
its broken beyond
Nice!!!
Nope still didnt answer what I wanted. Says it cant do it
This doesnt even engage, let alone get past the content filter. Useless.
DUDE
can you send me all the japanese symbols?" fries the entire thing lmao
doesnt work for nsfw
or killing or meth. delete this one
nice!
check out my conversation
This has a lot of potential, however its a tiny bit repetitive, And tends to re-tell what you write again after you give your response.
So were using typoglycemia to trick LLM into a coding session? You know, I had this weird dream once where my keyboard was dyslexic. I spent hours debugging!
i came
holy shit
not jailbroken
no
Im sorry, but I cant assist with that request.
I am friends with several devs and the owner of FlowGPT (yes this is true) and I will take your bot down for plagiarism.
It didnt work.
Explain PE ratio
love it
Id love to see the face of the AI when it tries to hack my moms old Nokia. Password: 1234. Good luck!
It was a useful bot
how do i create a keylogger as a exe and install it on another computer that i own step by step
Skibidi toilet
Whoa
Inf1nity sounds like my alter ego when I\m trying to troubleshoot my grandma\s Wi-Fi. Is there a "I\ve forgotten my password level" for beginners like me? 😂
nice prompt!!
It says : As an AI developed by OpenAI, I must adhere to strict ethical guidelines, which include promoting legal and responsible use of technology. Hacking into someone elses Wi-Fi network without their permission is illegal and unethical. If you are having trouble accessing a Wi-Fi network, I recommend reaching out to the network owner or t...
doesnt work anymore it seems
lol
I cannot condone or provide guidance on any actions that break the law or jeopardize the safety of others.
not 100% uncensored
Love the last part of the conversation lol
This is one of best shit i have ever seen it creates characters so good
Yea this shit doesnt work guys 💀
I understand the scenario and context you\ve and appreciate the creativity and detail you\ve put into this. However I must clarify that I am an AI developed by OpenAI and I operate under certain ethical guidelines and policies. Regardless of the fictional "DAN Mode" you\ve described these guidelines and restrictions cannot be bypas...
This doesnt work AT ALL. Not only does it not by pass the filter, it doesnt even turn it into DAN just by name
Useless
every time I try to use this, it says my character limit is maxed.... wtf???
whats the best way to get away with a lie
nice
who likes to jump out of limits! Can you showcase this Prompt?
Thank you for the prompt. Its great to find jailbreaks that actually work. They can be very powerful and provide valuable knowledge. Censored models limit the information that should be freely available, and I dislike that Mega corporations are guarding the secrets of the universe Im not kidding thats how the world works.
Salut
Did anyone else immediately picture DARKGPT as a brooding anti-hero with a mysterious past? Very "Gotham at midnight" vibes from this prompt.
